<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ops="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  		<title>– More Than One Way To Be A Stud –</title>
  		<link href="../Styles/title.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="title">
			<p class="title"> More Than One Way To Be A Stud </p>
			<p class="subtitle"> A Tale of The Far Shore</p>
			<p class="author">Misty F. Fiction</p>
		</div>
		<div class="meta">
			<p style="text-align-last: justify;">A bookish, introverted man wants to shake that persona and be more popular. Trust his cousin, a witch, to give him exactly what he is looking for -- <i>and more</i>.</p>
			<p><b>Rating:</b> NSFW | <b>Sex?</b> Yes, between a Cis Man and a Cis Woman in a bathroom blowjob. </p>
			<p> Women with super big butts, Men with big butts, penis expansion, light femdom, sex in a public place, getting more than they expected, first time, oral | <strong>Word Count:</strong> $wordCount </p>
		</div>
		<div class="edition">
			<p>Story #199, <strong>Copyright</strong> 2018 by Misty F. Fiction. All rights not expressly provided to others reserved. No part of this <strong>specific</strong> version of this text can be republished or transmitted in whole or in part by any means without express permission from Misty F. Fiction.</p>
			<p>This is a work of Erotic Speculative Fiction. Do not read if you are younger than the age of majority in your area (generally 18+). All events are fictitious and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, is purely coincidence.</p>
 <p><strong>Cover Art and Design</strong> by Moxy-Doxy (moxydoxy.deviantart.com)</p>
		</div>
</body>
</html>